Add links to “3/4 Run 🏃” (#513)
joshbeckman/notes: exercise/running/_posts/2026-07-13-19300651795.md

---
<video controls src="/assets/videos/POMx8uH-UAOSVKro6oc0bcrXFkjZXfPWPiUBrLurmog.mp4"></video>

> Progressing on full run recovery, this one was 3:30 running, 1:30 walking, for 30:00 total. The heat and the bad air quality ([forest fires out west](/blog/smog-in-chicago)) made it harder.

Author: ```suggestion
Progressing on full run recovery, this one was 3:30 running, 1:30 walking, for 30:00 total. The heat and the bad air quality ([forest fires out west](/blog/orange-smoke-day-in-chicago)) made it harder.
```
